Hello dear friends and welcome
to the new review of minecraft mods
right now we will see a mod which
will make you feel real
tourists because you can breed
tourist bonfires and let's
We will understand how this is done to begin with.
you need to craft a hammer hammer and
There are 5 types of wooden stone
gold iron and diamond in order
hut crafted to you is two
sticks and 5 resources of which will be
Make your hammer case is diamond
of course diamonds
next we have to take either a stone or
cobblestone if we take a stone then when
the help of one hammer and stone we will
receive four fragments if we
take a skier we'll get two
also our hammer will be wasted
diamond hammer strength and and very
so much on the scale is not even visible
special changes
if we take the wood then immediately
you can see how it is spent here we spent
half of our hammer
I would not recommend you to make a diamond
hammer because fragments you have a lot
will not be a maximum of two if you are very
awkwardness
I always have one because I
already got the hand and immediately realized how
kindling ethics stren also hammers very
beautiful texture so if they are you
like both by texture and you want
use them instead of a sword then you have everything
it will turn out because the hammers are very
great damage to my hands the most
like the fireplace and because it looks
how is it more realistic?
golden is not like a hammer but stone is
yes real sledgehammer well let
hit the pig get some meat
because at the stake we can fry it like this
kill this pig I had them here
specially on my shore
yes let's finally make a fire
now we have fragments and we can
make such a firestarter
this is a lighter but firestarter is
something like start or campfire yes
Strangely translated I agree but on
in fact it's just a piece of stone next
with silicon with them we will
knock out
a spark and make a fire we take three sticks
and throw them that way
It is exactly three you remember further we clamp
right mouse button
so for some reason not clamped here we clamp
and are on our wands
I get a bonfire I think you don't even
managed to enjoy his appearance
so let's throw three more sticks and
do it again so we pinpoint
and everything is ready we are ready with one
firestarter and two fires already lit
and both successful so let's see
what we have inside is enough
beautiful such wooden interface here
we can put coal let's get it
find so put coal and we
fill the red scale now we have
there is heat in our campfire and we can
fry meat
put here 2 myasko and he starts our
cook meat as we can of course
melt in it various ores though it
It seems to me wrong
it needs to be corrected since in the fire
melt the ore is it somehow cheater us all
our fire also melt the ore if we're on
we will get him we will wait for the whole mod more
doing nothing and now I was burning my
bonfires meat before roasted so I'm with
you say goodbye
forced to say goodbye I would even say
if you liked this review then not
forget to subscribe to the channel and
put huskies and I wish you all good luck
all friends for now